You know yourself and how you learn best.
This isn't a video of me just telling you how to learn.
Instead I want to point out some things that may help you get the most out of this course based on how
this course is structured.
Think of this course as having two courses into one.
The first part right over here is the non technical aspects of the interview.
These are the skills that you will use throughout your career to get a leg up from the competition and
make sure that you are able to optimize your chances of getting a well-paid job that you love.
We're going to be talking about how to get more interviews and talk about all these topics right over
here.
We will also talk about non technical interview questions.
The most common questions that we had asked in an interview and how to overcome them.
And then finally talk about offer and negotiation.
An often overlooked skill where we talk about how to handle offers and even negotiate a race.
The second part of the Course is all technical.
This is the really fun part of the course where we learn fundamental computer science topics that get
asked at some of the top companies and don't lead this diagram intimidate you.
By the end of the course you're going to master all these topics.
We're going to learn about data structures like arrays stacks trees graphs and then specific ones like
priority queues binary search tree doubly linked list.
We're going to learn about algorithms how to traverse a tree and a graph how to use recursion properly
how to improve time complexity and Big-O notation.
How do we do sorting.
Perhaps even searching all with the goal to help us write better code and answer interview questions
what are my favorite sections here is when we're going to take you through a Google interview and demonstrate
each piece of the puzzle so that by the end of it all you're able to answer really difficult questions
as if you were part of that interview.
By the end of it you're going to feel confident in any coding attribute or white board interview.
At the end we're also going to have a ton of questions for you to do on top of the ones that we're going
to do together from all these companies plus specific questions whether you want to be a front end engineer
or a back end engineer.
So you have three options with this course if you want you can just do each course separately.
And that is fine.
However the Course is structured in a way that these two courses are ordered to make you understand
the topic.
Bill the fundamentals and really connect the dots on interviewing.
So to get the most out of this course you should follow the lessons in order since you may gain an insight
or two even if you've got all leave me alone Andre.
I already know this stuff.
So now there you have an idea of the outline.
Let's talk about what it means to succeed in this course first.
Make sure you use our online discourse community to communicate with fellow students ask questions and
talk about anything you may want when it comes to interviews.
There's nothing better than talking out loud and practicing in front of people or with others.
I'm also active every day on this community.
The second part.
These exercises get harder and harder.
In each section they will challenge you and make you really extend your abilities as a developer.
This is done on purpose.
We're going to be building our foundation throughout the course and do challenging problems so that
when it comes to real interviews you find things easy.
Although I walk through the solutions I encourage you to use available resources to solve the answer.
Think of it this way if someone offered you $10000 bonus to study interview questions for a month.
Would you do it.
That is why you're doing practicing for this by working hard and practicing what most people don't do.
Interviewing you're putting yourself in a higher salary position for the rest of your life.
A fair point.
I know it sounds silly but it's important.
Anytime you feel like you're just watching a video and aren't understanding a topic Stop what you're
doing and take a break come back to the problem.
You won't be able to finish this course in one week.
If you do it properly it will take you about one month to finish everything in here so take your time.
This isn't a sprint it's a marathon.
Finally try to complete the full course instead of just parts of it.
Most lessons are tied into one from another so that they flow and we keep building this pyramid of knowledge.
We'll start from basic and get into more and more advanced topics.
All right.
I think it's time for us to start the course and get prepared to land our dream job.
Let's get started and see in the next section.
Buh-Bye.